Hello and welcome back to episode 4 of
Learn English with Minecraft Hardcore.
My name is Kenzo and this is English
from the Ground Up. The first thing that
I'm going to do in this video is build a
spy glass. We're going to need two
copper
and one amethyst shard. Let's build a
spy glass. S P Y G L A S. a spy glass.
All right, let's go outside.
Let's get out the spy glass.
Look at this.
There's a village over there. I found a
village.
Let's go explore that village, but that
village is pretty far away. So, first
I'm going to build a boat. Let's get
some wood. We have nine jungle logs.
Let's build some planks. Planks. And
with these planks, let's build a boat.
All right, I have my boat. Let's go
explore that village. Let's place the
boat in the water and let's get in the
boat. Now, let's sail towards the
village.
Whoa, look at all that kelp.
There's a ton of kelp down there. Oh,
look. Let's zoom in using the spy glass.
There are some pumpkins over there. We
can go collect some pumpkins. I'm going
to get out of the boat and quickly
collect some pumpkins. Now, we're really
close to the village. I'm going to place
my boat.
I'm going to place my boat right here.
And I'm going to place a torch on this
tree.
That way I'll remember that my boat is
this way. Oh, there's some wheat.
There's some wheat that's growing over
here. I'm going to collect some wheat.
There's more wheat over here. And I
think these are melons. Let's collect
this wheat. There's a lot of wheat in
this village. Okay, the sun's going
down, so I'm going to look for a bed. Is
there a bed in this house? Yes.
Get out of the bed, villager.
No. Okay, I'm sleeping in the bed. It's
morning over here. There are some
beetroots. Let's collect some beetroots.
Let's go inside this house.
There's a chest. Let's open the chest.
Some paper and some saplings. This is
the worst chest ever. Ooh, there are
some hay bales over here. Let's pick up
these hay bales. Over here, there's an
iron golem. This is an iron golem. The
iron golem protects the village. Oh, and
over here there are some potatoes that
are growing. Let's collect some of these
potatoes. By the way, if you're enjoying
these videos and if you'd like to
practice speaking English with me and
other learners, you should join the
English from the Ground Up Discord
server. You can join for free by
clicking up here. Wow. And over here
there are carrots in this village.
They're growing carrots, wheat,
uh, potatoes, melons, and beetroots.
Let's go inside this house.
Anything in here? Oh,
there's a hole in the floor of this
house. Why is there a hole in the floor
here? There's a chest. Let's open the
chest. Some bread. some paper. Ooh, and
there are two maps.
Two unknown maps.
Let's look at this map.
Oh, it's a map of the village.
It's a map of the village. And let's
take some of these carrots.
So many carrots. Let's go inside this
house. There's a chest.
Uh, some bread,
some grass,
some seeds, and a saddle. I'm going to
pick up this saddle. Anything in here?
Ooh, some bookshelves.
I'm going to steal these bookshelves.
These books are going to be very helpful
when I'm building the enchanting table.
I think I've explored pretty much all of
this village.
Whoa. Let's get the spy glass.
There's another village over there. It's
night time. I'm going to find a bed. Is
there a bed in this house? There is.
Okay. I'm sleeping and it's morning.
All right. today. Let's go over to this
second village. Aha, there's the torch
that I placed earlier, which means my
boat is this way. There's my boat. Let's
get in the boat. Let's sail to the
second village. All right, I'm going to
leave my boat here and let's go find the
other village. Once again, I'm going to
place a torch on this tree. So, I
remember my boat is this way. Whoa,
there's a broken nether portal over
here.
There are some magma blocks. Is there a
chest?
Yes, there's a chest.
Let's open the chest. Ooh, there's an
enchanted golden helmet. I'll take this.
And I'm also going to pick up this
obsidian.
I'm going to need some obsidian to build
an enchanting table. Obsidian takes a
long time to mine.
Let's see. I got nine obsidian. Okay,
now let's go to the village. And here we
are at the second village. But I'm going
to wait and explore this village in the
next episode. Like and subscribe. And if
you'd like to help support this channel,
you could make a donation by clicking up
here. Thanks for watching and I will see
you in the next video. See you.
Is this the best it's ever been?